Changed relationships implementation (#269)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/types/relationships/relationship.md

# Relationship
Inside Desmos, users can create relationships with other users.

> A relationship inside desmos is the equivalent of the follow of traditional social networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A relationship inside desmos is the equivalent of the "follow" concept of traditional social networks.
```

## Contained data

> Relationship contains data that allows identifying the dApp where users create the relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each relationship contains the data that allows identifying the dApp where the users created such relationship.
```
